docs: ADR 005 - Consistent Naming (#2487)
kyma-project/lifecycle-manager: docs/contributor/adr/005-consistent-naming.md

# ADR 005 - Consistent Naming

## Status

Accepted

## Context

It has to be decided how to consistently name things.

## Decision

It is decided that the following naming patterns apply:

### Layered Architecture

> Major building blocks of the [layered architecture](004-layered-architecture.md) are *controllers*, *services* and *repositories*. It is decided that the types are suffixed accordingly. It is also explicitly decided to **NOT** use *Interface*  and *Impl*  suffixes. Further, the implementation types are not prefixed with the "context" as this is established by the package already.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Major building blocks, namely types, of the [layered architecture](004-layered-architecture.md) are *controllers*, *services*, and *repositories*. It is decided that:
- The types are suffixed accordingly.
- We ** DON'T** use *Interface*  and *Impl*  suffixes. 
- The implementation types are not prefixed with the context. The context is already established by the package name.
```

#### Do's

```go
// package internal/controller/something
type SomeController struct { }
type SomeService interface { }

// package internal/service/something
type SomeService struct { }
type SomeRepository interface { }

// package internal/repository/something
type SomeRepository struct { }
```

## Consequence

> We apply consistent naming within the repository.

Reviewer 2: Why only the repository? This describes the naming for all layers right?

Author: I was referring to the GH repo, but valid, renamed to "project" to avoid confusion.

> ## Consequence

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Consequences
```

# ADR 005 - Consistent Naming

## Status

Accepted

## Context

We must decide how to consistently name things in the project.

## Decision

It is decided that the following naming patterns apply:

### Layered Architecture

Major building blocks, namely types, of the [layered architecture](004-layered-architecture.md) are *controllers*, *services*, and *repositories*. It is decided that:
- The types are suffixed accordingly.

> - We ** DON'T** use *Interface*  and *Impl*  suffixes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We **DON'T** use *Interface*  and *Impl*  suffixes. 
```
